courage here
something i do not want to eat Shepel cyrus
will give even more stayed the same
moldy how much I slept at all
fuck yourself already this is it not the dog key
from the refrigerator about in the course of the beer
The code is something well, well, well, well, I understand
totally fresh feels damn bread
his croutons will take a bread knife
good bread knife and from the part
flick knife is good because it can be
throw out tulin croutons
sprinkle all the bolts we take add
ketchup stir fry in linked
I mix with a caliper
try cock make mayonnaise sauce from
useful time in still scary now
would be more useful to make some salt
and a little vinegar and now beat
Well why are there languages ​​shoot down
it seems our baby was scared
look yourself not crap
and
add some sauce sauce is ready
canker
be something else let's cook two
cooked shrimp frost and finger
would then have a year little fuck it
helpful about shrimp foamed
getting rid of the mad foam is good for you
and dogs are good for you but my duty is not for you
such a sour aftertaste is useful
sadness but we paid see